Previously on The Summer
I Turned Pretty...
You were supposed
to be the ideal.
to deserve her.
I see Jeremiah everywhere.
I just lost
the most important
person in my life.
I just wanted to call you
and talk about Mom's thing
-and the speech and all.
-Yeah.
Do you mind just
writing it yourself?
You-You'd probably do a
better job than me anyways.
I am really sorry.
but I'm not gonna be able
to make the dedication.
I got that summer clinic job.
Taylor. you are the only girl
-I want to be with.
-Oh. my God.
Pull over and let me
out of the fucking car!
Fine! Fine!
Steven was in a car accident?
Well. maybe I can help.
Where's he admitted?
He's gonna be okay.
-You're done here.
-You're f-firing me?
You were right.
You and me. we don't work.
If you want to get
back with Jeremiah.
just do it.
Maybe we...
shouldn't let one mistake
erase all these years.
Bells. I-I want that so much.
You can't ever hurt
me like that again.
I promise.
Isabel Conklin.
-will you marry me?
-Yes.
♪ I want you to stay ♪
♪ Till I'm in the grave ♪
♪ Till I rot away ♪
♪ dead and buried ♪
♪ Till I'm in the casket ♪
-♪ you carry...
-Mm-mm.
-No.
-Mm.
Um. I got to meet Taylor.
Do you have to?
Yeah. She's still really
upset about her and Steven.
and I've been so busy
with finals this week.
we've barely seen each other.
I could come with.
Mm. Besties only.
-I'm your bestie. too.
-No.
Well. don't tell anybody...
-Hmm?
-...but you're my fiancé.
Mm. I am?
I don't want to wait to
tell everyone this weekend.
-I want to tell everyone now.
-No. no. no. no. no.
We have to wait
because the dedication
is the only time when our
parents will all be together.
At least you don't have to...
sit through a five-hour car ride
-with your dad today.
-Mm.
Are you gonna be okay?
You sure you won't crack?
Yeah.
Okay.--
Mm.
Aw. shit. Taylor's
already there.
I got to go.
-One last thing.
-Yeah.
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Yes! Yeah.
I... What?
Mm.
-I know it's small. but...
-No.
It's... It's perfect.
-What are you doing?
-Got to tell everybody.
-What are you...? No. no. no.
-Yes.
Isabel Conklin is
gonna marry me!
I'm gonna get married!
-She's gonna be a... such a hot wife!
-Oh. my God!
I cannot wait to marry this...
I'm getting married to her!
-Shh!
-Isabel Conklin!
She's gonna be my wife!
Hey. Sorry I'm late.
You should be. I'm
literally starving to death.
Well. why didn't you just get
something while you were wait...?
I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. Let's just...
Yep. let's get you some food.
Hi.
Um. can we do two iced mochas and
two breakfast sandwiches. please?
On me.
-Yep.
-Oh. then can we have
-a. um. chocolate croissant. too?
-Yep.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All righty.
How you holding up?
I'm fine.
It's whatever. Love is a lie.
He's gonna come to his senses.
It's-it's just... it's the
shock of it all. you know?
Okay. well. even if he
did. it'd be too late.
I'm over his dumb
ass. At this point.
he could come crawling on the
floor. begging on his knees.
asking for me back. and.
like. I wouldn't care.
Unless. like...
did he say something to
you? Did he say something?
No.
But I-I just... I still haven't gotten
the chance to talk to him in private.
-Mm-hmm.
-My mom made him come home
'cause. uh. she wants to make sure
that he doesn't choke in his sleep.
Yeah. Whatever. I don't care.
Fuck him. Thank you.
-Do you want to sit here?
-Yeah.
Let's talk... okay. let's
talk about something else.
Okay.
How's Jere? How's. um.
it being back together?
Ah. oh. it's. uh.
it's... it's nice.
What's the smile?
Nothing. I'm just happy.
Okay. You're being weird.
Okay.
Okay. yeah. fine. but
you cannot tell anyone
because we want to
tell our parents first.
-Uh-huh.
-Okay.
Um...
that morning at the hospital.
we got engaged.
Sorry.
What the... what-what the fuck
did you say? What'd you say?
We're engaged.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. are you pregnant?
What? No!
Then why?
It's because of
Steven's accident.
-No. No. It is not because of that.
-Yeah.
-It is not. I-I-I mean. it reminded me...
...of how it felt
to lose Susannah
-and how it put everything in perspective.
-Mm-hmm.
Jeremiah made a mistake.
But it's not bigger than
what we are to each other.
Okay. So when is this happening?
This summer. We want
to do it in Cousins.
You're doing it this summer?
-Yeah.
-Belly.
you've been back together
for. like. 30 seconds.
Yeah. but we were
only broken up for.
-like. 30 seconds.
-Because he cheated on you!
Can you not say that loud
enough for everyone to hear?
Everybody knows that.
You were the one who
told me to forgive him.
Whoa. I said talk to him.
I didn't say marry him.
Couldn't you have just.
like. gotten back together?
Well. we want to be
together forever.
Oh. Belly. everybody goes
into marriage thinking that.
Like. look at our parents.
We're not our parents.
My dad's here. I-I got to go.
Can you just...
-Can you not tell anyone. okay?
-Yeah.
As if anyone would even believe
this insane development.
All right. fine. I
won't say a word.
Shut my mouth.
-Okay. bye.
-Bye.
Uh...
What?
Hey. I need you to send
me StarcadeX's wire frame.
Uh. shouldn't you
be convalescing?
Okay. I can work and
heal at the same time.
I've got it handled. Steven.
Okay. no offense.
but. I mean. Adam hired me because
I know the tech world way better
than you finance geeks.
No. he hired you because
you're a family friend.
Look. I don't need you backseat
driving this for me. all right?
So just enjoy having
Mommy fluff your pillows.
You did not just hang
up on me. Are you...?
- - -Time for your next dose.
-Are you looking at porn?
-Mom!
No! Oh. my God!
All right. Slack?
You know what Slack is?
God. fine. yes. yes.
it's just work stuff.
You know I can get that. right?
You have to avoid screens.
You just experienced
-a very serious medical event.
-But I didn't experience it.
I didn't. I woke up
from a nap with a...
bad headache and
a few sore ribs.
I've had worse hangovers.
And I don't need my
mommy giving me medicine
or fluffing my
pillows. all right?
You have literally never fluffed a
pillow in the 22 years I've been alive.
Steven. you almost died.
And I will never forgive myself
for not being there for you.
How?
Mom. what are you gonna do. I mean.
follow me around for the rest of my life?
Wrap me in Bubble Wrap?
You think I wouldn't?
Ow. ow.
Take your recovery seriously
or I'll kill you myself.
I love you.
I love you. too.
It was close.
In my defense.
I've slept. like. 12
hours this week. total.
Yeah. we get it.
You're employed.
Don't rub it in.
So how you doing?
Honestly. not great.
I feel like I failed.
Well. that's 'cause
you did. I mean.
if it were me. I'd be suicidal.
It's humiliating
and devastating.
Thank you.
-That helps.
-Good.
So. what. are you just gonna.
like. bum around this summer?
No. there's a position at the...
the Garth lab that
I'm really into.
Oh.
What?
Okay. it's not like...
it's not lab work's a demotion.
'Cause it's vital.
But I just thought that...
you wanted to work
with patients.
Yeah. well. I'm not ready.
You heard Dr. Namazy.
I rushed into it.
We can't all be you.
That's true.
So. what. you're just gonna...
spend your summer
looking at data instead?
Okay. well. uh...
I know a guy at Garth.
Phil.
I'll put in a good word.
Thanks.
Yeah.
It looks so empty in here.
I know.
I'm gonna miss it.
I'm really gonna
miss living with you.
I mean. we didn't even get to do our.
our 2:00 a.m. wings and Golden Girls
one last time.
It's okay.
We'll do it when you're back
from Paris in the spring.
Okay.
You better come visit me.
Oh. definitely.
You know...
you are the first true
friend I ever made
that I haven't
known my whole life.
Aw...!
And I'm sorry that I haven't
been around this week.
Just with...
With finals and Jere and...
And makeup sex. I get it.
I just...
Okay. but-but be.
be honest. though.
Um. are you secretly judging me
for getting back together with him?
Does it matter what I think?
Yes. You're my friend. and
I respect your opinion.
Um...
I think you care too much
what other people think.
I trust you to make the
right decisions for you.
Come here.
All right. You ready
to hit the road?
Yeah. just about.
Saying goodbye to this
place is bittersweet.
I want to remember all
of it. every detail.
It will forever be the last place
I lived before I got married.
I want to tell him so badly
in this perfect moment
when I'm still his little
girl in the passenger seat
and he's still the
one driving the car.
I stopped calling him
Daddy in middle school.
but at this moment
it's in my heart.
I want to say. "Daddy.
I'm getting married."
Isn't this the song that you
and Mom used to dance to?
Did we?
I've danced to a lot
of songs in my time.
Come on.
You guys would put this on
after dinner. if you had wine.
and you'd dance Mom
around the kitchen.
You remember that?
Yeah. you guys were just different
with each other on those nights.
Different how?
I don't know. like
really in love.
You just remember those nights
because we made you and
Steven wash the dishes.
He's doing great. by the way.
-I'm glad.
-Hmm.
You know. that moment when. um.
your mom saw all the
voice mails you left...
that'll haunt me forever.
Wha-What do you mean?
Were you guys together?
Uh. no.
No. no. I-I-I mean. when. um.
she found me. after
you guys talked.
Can't believe how bad the cell
service was at that conference.
Hmm.
Glad Jeremiah was
there for you. though.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. me. too.
Okay. Last load.
Yeah.
-Thanks again. Dad.
-Yeah. Where do you want these?
-Uh. just anywhere.
-At least take a box.
-Oh. thank you.
-I'm coming right back.
Don't get too comfortable.
What?
I'm just gonna go and.
uh. check on Steven.
-How is he?
-He's fine.
You don't have to keep
checking on him every day.
I know what you're
doing. you know.
Oh? What am I doing?
You're hanging around. hoping
we'll. you know. again.
Well. you can put those
tender eyes away. buddy.
Tender eyes? Oh. my God.
What happened at the hotel...
...w-wa... was both
of us. not just me.
So don't lash out 'cause
you're feeling guilty.
I just don't want you
to get the wrong idea.
because what we did
was a one-time thing.
If Belly or Steven ever found
out. I could never face them.
Me neither.
-But I think Belly suspects something.
-What?
Yeah. She was acting
weird in the car.
I mean. she brought up that
song that we used to dance to
and then she was deep in
thought about something.
She's 20. She was probably
stoned or thinking about sex.
Mm-mm. no.
All right. maybe we should
keep our distance for now.
Yeah. You're probably right.
Maybe I shouldn't go to the
dedication ceremony this weekend.
Okay.
Yeah. I don't need my ex-husband
underfoot at my best friend's memorial.
-Great.
Where are you going?
Laur. I've been in the
car since 6:00 a.m.
I'm gonna pour myself some coffee
and then say hi to our son.
Hey.
What song?
You know the song.
Wow. finally.
someone to keep me company
other than Nurse Ratched.
Oh. my God.
So. how long are
you staying at home?
My God. I'm out of here as soon
as Mom unchains me from this bed.
I mean. come on.
look at me. I'm fine.
You know. the doctor said
I can go back to work.
I still can't believe
that happened.
It was a wake-up call.
I need to get my shit together.
You know. get focused on work.
I know Taylor feels really
bad about what happened.
Oh. wow. oh. yeah. sure.
let Taylor to find a way
to make my near-death
experience all about her.
That's fine. no. I mean. it's not like
I'm the one who almost died or anything.
-That's fine.
-You just said you were fine.
Yeah. I'm fine now.
So. is that it? You
guys are just done?
Because she still
loves you. you know.
Look...
Belly. I never felt like I
was on solid ground with her.
You know? So I...
I just had to get off the
Taylor Jewel roller coaster.
Why. hmm?
Hmm. you gonna try
to change my mind?
No.
It's your life.
It was a game-changing
day for all of us.
I know.
I know. you love
your big brother.
-Mm.
-Mm-hmm-mm.
Now go get oppa some
ice cream. please?
-Fine.
-Thank you. Mmm.
-But Mom said no screens.
-No. Belly?
Bye. Yeah!
-Belly!
-Mom. I got his computer!
Dad. help.
-Well. didn't your mom say no screens?
-Oh...
These women!
Oh. the doctor said
screens are fine.
-Mm.
-Okay. if I. if I miss
a FaceTime from the office.
I cannot be held
accountable for my actions.
Is Adam bothering you with work?
-No.
-Yeah. no. You know what?
I'm gonna call him
myself and tell him
-to leave you alone.
-Dad. no.
No. No. no. no. Okay.
Adam is my boss.
-You cannot do that.
-A week off
after a traumatic incident
like the one that you've had
isn't unreasonable. Steven.
-You don't get it. Dad. You don't get it.
-Okay. okay.
Explain it to me.
Look. VC is just really
high-pressure. okay?
Time off isn't a thing.
I'm sorry. but working
at the history department
is a cakewalk
compared to Breaker.
I'm sure you're right.
You know what? I'm gonna see
if I can wrangle your laptop
from your mom on the way out.
Thank you. Thank you.
Anyway. just wanted to make sure
you're okay before I head home.
Yeah. I'm fine. yeah.
-I love you. Dad.
-Love you.
Baby girl!
-Mom.
-Hey. Oh...
Hi.
Ah!
-Hi.
-Come here. come here. come here.
Mm... Aw...
Mm.
You're looking really rough. I'm gonna
deep-condition your hair tonight.
Thanks a lot. It's been finals.
Ooh. Let's get the
rest of this tomorrow.
-Okay.
-Come on.
How was the ride?
Did you listen to my playlist?
-Uh. no.
-It was so good.
You got a new TV?
-Yeah. it's nice. huh?
-Yeah.
And the house is clean.
It's. like. too clean. Where are
Scott's ashtrays and dirty dishes?
Oh. we broke up.
He took his TV with him. So
now we can watch Gilmore Girls
and eat burritos and we don't
have to share the remote with him.
Eh. stupid MMA-watching.
two-timing piece of shit.
You were way too hot for him.
I made that man.
-Yeah.
-I gave him a good haircut
and I got him to lose
the carpenter jeans.
and now he thinks he
can do better than me.
Well. good luck.
Men are trash.
-What can you say?
-Not all men.
Ew. Did you just
say "not all men"?
Hey. Steven's one
of the good ones.
-Are you gonna go see him?
-No.
-I told you. we're over.
-Oh. you and Steven are never over.
Yeah. well. this time we are.
Tay... he didn't know
what he was saying.
He was all frail and
broken from his accident.
which you did kind of cause.
Hey. don't give me
the Sour Patch face.
Okay? Just go over
there looking cute...
Ugh. Lucinda. I swear to God.
Taytie Tot. he is the
only boy you've ever dated
who is even remotely
worthy of you.
So don't let him go that easy.
I mean. look at you. Come on.
he doesn't stand a chance.
Once we fix the hair.
Come here.
-Ugh. you're so annoying.
-Aw. I know.
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
Hey.
How'd you sleep last night?
Mm. my dad's air
mattress deflated
in the middle of the night. and I
was up late working on the speech.
Maybe I should run it
by Con one more time.
You know how he gets off on
critiquing people's grammar.
No. I don't think you need to.
The speech is really good.
Hmm.
I just wish he was
gonna be there.
I feel weird telling him that we're
getting married over the phone.
Maybe we should
call him together.
Definitely. Uh. I mean...
But if you think it's better
to tell him on your own.
then I'm okay with that.
Like. however you
want to handle it.
Okay. Maybe. maybe
alone is good.
But honestly. I'm just more
worried about what my...
what my dad's gonna say.
I know. And my mom.
I mean. everyone's gonna think we're
crazy for doing this. aren't they?
Probably. yeah.
Jere. not helping.
Sorry. sorry.
-Here you go.
-Oh. uh...
-Thank you.
-Yeah. no problem.
♪ And if you shake her hard
enough. she will appear ♪
♪ Tonight I think I'll
be staying here...
I know you must be
bored if you're agreeing
to a 7:00 a.m. breakfast.
It's the only time you're free. I
want to hear how the clinic's going.
Yeah. it's...
It's meh. You're not
missing anything.
-Such a liar.
-Okay. it's amazing.
Namazy let me do
the retractor in a
surgery yesterday.
-Are you serious?
-Mm-hmm.
-Nice.
How about you? Am I. like.
your big plans for the day?
You wish.
Uh. getting lunch with my aunt.
Now you're really depressing me.
What? We both can't make
it to my mom's memorial
tomorrow. so we're
getting together.
Wait. you're not going?
I thought that Namazy's clinic
was why you couldn't go.
I just... I don't think it's good
for me. being around everybody. so...
Being around your ex who you're
still not over. you mean?
Dude. you got to deal with this.
Staying away is just. like. making
it bigger than it needs to be.
You need to normalize
the situation.
How?
Exposure therapy.
Okay.
Not to be a dick.
but you don't know
what it's like.
Do you mean I have no idea what it's like
to be in unrequited love with someone
who's never gonna feel
the same way back?
But you know what I
did? I sucked it up.
I stuck it out. I worked
through it. and now?
Well. I'm glad you stuck it out.
Hey. um.
Phil told me that you have an
interview at the Garth lab.
Phil told you?
Yeah. we had dinner.
You went on a date?
Wait. you didn't have to date him
to get me the interview. did you?
No. idiot. I went on a
date so I could get laid.
Oh. great.
Yeah. Did you get laid?
-Oh. yeah.
-Nice.
-Hey.
Can we talk?
Yeah. sure.
-Hey. Taylor.
-Hey!
I came here to say I'm
sorry about yesterday.
I was a jerk.
Thank you.
I shouldn't have taken
my shit out on you.
It wasn't fair. and you
will always be my girl.
Mm.
So. tell me. what did Laurel say when
you told her you were getting marr...
Nope. Nope. I
didn't tell her yet.
Come on. big mouth.
let's go to my room.
Okay.
So I'm the only one in
the world who knows this?
Besides you and
Jere? Not even Anika?
Yep. you're the only one.
-I like it.
-Okay.
-I really like it.
-So...
you don't think I'm insane?
Look. I am the founding member
of Team Jellyfish.
And I'm the. I'm the freaking
captain of Team Belly.
Which is what I should
have said the first time.
Ride or die.
Or marry.
Anything you do. I am... I'm in.
Thanks.
Okay. Do-over.
♪ Life's so good...
Show me the ring.
-You have a ring. right?
-Yes. yes.
Here it is.
♪ Is where I will be ♪
♪ At least if life
is allowing me...
Is it a diamond or like
a sliver of tinfoil?
-Stop! I love this ring.
-Just kidding.
You would.
Oh. my God. my Cinderbelly's
getting married.
You just be quiet.
Okay.
I'm-I'm...
I'm very glad that
you're cool with it
because I was kind of hoping
that you would be
my maid of honor?
You were?
-Yeah. unless you don't want to...
-No. no.
No. I definitely want to!
Okay. good. good. good.
Oh. my God.
And. actually. I'm glad
you asked because...
Oh. my God.
What the...?
How do you still have this?
What. you think I would throw away
the blueprint for our dream wedding?
Uh. no. your dream wedding.
-Oh.
-I was mostly in it for the stickers.
Yeah. there's good stickers.
Well... we'll make your day
everything that you want.
Promise.
Thank you for being on my side.
Always and forever. B.
You're gonna need me.
'Cause when Laurel finds out.
it's gonna be an apocalypse.
Like dead bodies. blood in the streets.
And by blood. I mean your blood.
-Yes.
-I'm really serious. Belly.
-I know.
-She's gonna freak out.
Oh. my God.
Thought you were bedridden.
I needed a change
of scenery. so...
I can bust you out of here.
Yeah. Look. I should
probably go back to bed.
uh. before Laurel sees me.
Do you. do you want me
to help you upstairs?
-No. I'm fine.
-Are you okay?
I'm fine. Just a little sore.
Are you sure?
Positive.
How'd it go?
It went.
Hmm.
Hi. Lucinda.
Steven. honey. how
are you feeling?
You know. I feel
great. I feel great.
You know. I could play shortstop
for the Philadelphia Phillies.
-That's how good I feel.
-Oh. yay!
That means you can help me with
this business question I have.
Right. Um. yeah. okay.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
What's up? What's up?
Could you come by
and take a look at my
books from the salon?
Scott always handled
all of the money stuff.
and now that we're broken up. I just...
I can't make heads or tails of it.
I mean. you do know I'm
not an accountant. right?
Well. you've always
been so good at math.
Wow! 'Cause I'm Asian?
No! No!
Because you were
valedictorian. silly.
So I was thinking
if you came by.
Taylor could explain
it all to you...
Mm-hmm.
Uh. does she know
you're asking me?
Mm-hmm.
You guys are still
friends. right?
Uh...
Right.
Right. okay. Uh. well. look.
email me the files. and if I have
any questions. I'll call her. Okay?
Okay. great.
Okay. Bye.
Bye. sweetie.
Aw! Look how tiny you were.
And your cute cheeks.
Oh. my God. Mom.
Aw.
Look at Susannah's hair.
What? No.
Look at your hair.
-Side bangs were it in 2003.
-Oh...
Oh. there's so many.
How do we even pick?
Well. it's for her
remembrance board.
so I guess we pick the ones we think
she'd want us to remember her by.
Oh. wow. I've always
loved this one.
Eh. it's not my favorite.
Why. because Dad's in it?
I just think we can top it.
Oh. look. Your sweet 16.
Beck always loved going
all out for your birthday.
Remember the flower crowns and the
lobster and the sparkling apple juice?
And this year we'll have
real champagne for your 21st.
Oh. great. you can
see me legally drunk.
I wish Beck were here to see it.
Oh. wait. she saw
you illegally drunk.
Remember Fourth of July?
Susannah's cake plate?
Yeah.
It's so weird.
Growing up and going through all
these milestones without her.
She's just missing so much.
She would be so proud of the future
you're planning for yourself.
Your studies.
-Jeremiah. Paris.
-Mm.
I know she really wanted to take you
there for your college graduation present.
You guys were such
babies here. So cute.
Remember when Conrad told you.
if you ate enough carrots.
you'd get X-ray vision.
-and you believed him?
-Oh. my God. yeah.
I was very gullible back then. I
believed everything he told me.
Have you talked to him lately?
Um. we texted when Steven
was in the hospital.
He must be swamped
with the new job.
He works so hard.
I hate that he's
missing the dedication.
But you said someone at the
shelter's filming it. right?
We can send it to him.
Yeah. That's true.
No. No. that's a no.
-I like that one.
-That is a definite no.
That one's a... Maybe
if we just cut it there.
Yeah. okay.
♪ I know I have good judgment ♪
♪ I know I have good taste ♪
♪ It's funny and it's ironic ♪
♪ that only I feel that way ♪
♪ I promise 'em that
you're different ♪
♪ and everyone makes mistakes ♪
♪ But just don't ♪
♪ Please. please. please ♪
♪ don't prove I'm right ♪
♪ And please. please. please ♪
♪ don't bring me to tears ♪
♪ when I just did
my makeup so nice ♪
♪ Heartbreak is one thing ♪
♪ My ego's another ♪
♪ I beg you. don't
embarrass me. motherfucker ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Please. please. please ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ Ah ♪
Hello?
Hi.
Um. can we. can we talk?
Uh. it's about your mom.
What about her?
Yeah. well. she asked me to look
through her accounting books. and. um...
...it's-it's not
looking great. Taylor.
She asked you?
-I'm gonna murder that woman.
-Yeah. abs... you know.
murder her all you want. but
she's got bigger problems. okay?
Her salon is bleeding cash.
I don't know. I'm sorry.
there's just kind of
no other way to say it.
but Lucinda's fucked.
You know. like. best-case scenario.
she'll last till the end of the month.
Shit.
Yeah.
Yeah. um...
look...
when do you leave for New York?
Hmm? I can. um.
I can help her get
set up with a loan.
I'm about to leave for Cousins. but.
you know. I-I can call her later...
No. no. no. Thank you so
much for what you did...
it's completely inappropriate
that she asked you...
but this is not your
problem anymore.
No. it wasn't a bother.
Taylor. I mean...
No. no. bye. Steven.
This is fucking...
Mom!
Uh...
Wow.
You look beautiful. bean.
Beck would have
loved that dress.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah. you look. uh. not
like garbage for once.
Ignore him. That's his
head injury talking.
You are right. She still
looks like garbage.
-Steven.
-Ow! Oh...
-Oh. my God. Steven. are you okay?
-I'm driving.
-No. I'm fine.
-Oh. I can't!
Ow. ow. Is. uh. is
Dad meeting us there?
Um. he can't make it.
Some drama with
the tenure board.
Oh.
Yeah. but I'm sure he'll come up
to Cousins sometime this summer.
Yeah. it's just. it's been so long
since we've all been together.
I-I was kind of
looking forward to it.
I'm sorry. bean.
-All right. come on. we got to go.
-Yep.
-Thank you.
-Yes. of course. of course. of course.
Thanks.
Hey.
-Hi.
-Hi. beautiful.
Mm.
-You bring the ring?
-Yeah.
I wish I could wear it now.
Soon. Soon.
Are you ready?
Yeah. But. um. bad news.
my dad couldn't come.
But it's. it's okay.
We'll just call him after.
-Right?
-Okay. Yeah.
I just have to get through this
speech without passing out.
-You're gonna do great.
-Thanks.
Come on. let's head over.
-Where's Steven?
-In the bathroom.
I told him that minty
cold brew was too much.
Today means a lot to my family.
And I know this garden would
have meant the world to my mom.
She would have loved to be
here on a day like this.
The women's shelter was
incredibly important to her.
Even when she wasn't in Cousins.
she was thinking about
each and every one of you.
My mom believed family
wasn't just about blood.
She believed family grew
throughout your life.
Anyone you loved was family.
Anyone who loved you.
I know she would be touched
by this incredible honor.
And I hope you walk around
here today feeling her love.
I am so proud
-to be your fiancée.
-Mm.
I cannot wait
-to marry you.
-Me. too.
What kind of flowers do
you want for the wedding?
Uh. I don't know. Pretty ones?
Uh. like these?
Con!
Hey. man.
Hey.
Conrad. I can't
believe you made it.
I didn't know you were coming.
Yeah. I moved some
things around.
-I hopped on a red-eye.
-Connie. hey!
That's my boy. Out
there saving lives.
still got time for family.
All right. Dad. relax.
I'm not a doctor yet.
-Dude.
-Hey.
-It's good to see you.
-You crushed that speech.
-Thanks. man.
-So good.
I'm glad you're here.
Mm.
Hi.
-Hi.
-Hey. Yeah.
-Ah...
-Oh!
Ah. Connie. really glad to have
his little sister around again.
How you been. little sis?
Great. Yeah. we've
been. we've been great.
-Yeah.
-It's been a while.
Picture time. Let's
get a family photo.
maybe by the bench?
-Great. Let's do it.
-Uh. yeah. that'd be great.
What are you thinking?
♪ I'll dive in deeper ♪
Nothing.
♪ Deeper for you...
Just don't have hurt feelings
if. you know. he
says anything weird.
Who?
My dad.
You know how he can be.
Just. you can't take
anything personal. okay?
Yes. Right.
-I won't.
-Good.
♪ Time is standing still ♪
♪ You're the treasure...
D-Do you think we should pull Con
aside and-and. uh. tell him beforehand?
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh... or...
Or we just make
today about my mom?
Maybe.
I mean. I really
wish my dad was here.
I wanted to tell him and my
mom at the same time. so...
Yeah. well-well. let's wait.
Yeah. Okay.
You know. I just. I wish you could
wear your ring loud and proud.
Oh. I am very loud and proud.
Okay? Okay?
Jeremiah Fisher's
gonna marry me!
We're getting married!
See?
-What'd I tell you?
-Hmm.
I'm ju... I'm just
trying to understand.
Like. so-so you let
Scott handle all of it.
And-and. and how did you not
know that it was this bad?
I don't know.
-And I feel so stupid.
-Yeah. well. it was stupid.
I told you Scott was a loser.
Apparently. he's a. he's an idiot.
Just stop yelling at me.
I might lose my salon.
Yeah. Mom. you might. You might.
-Okay. so what do I do?
-I don't know.
I don't know. Like. what
do you want me to say?
And the fact that you brought
Steven into our business? Like...
I... He's a kid.
You know? He's a kid. he's 22.
and it's-it's embarrassing for me.
I-I was just trying
to help. I...
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I will fix this. okay?
I always do.
But how are you gonna fix this?
I'll ask Meemaw for the money.
No.
No. then she'll just lord
it over you like last time.
We will figure this
out together. We will.
I don't leave for New York
for a couple of weeks. so...
Come here. Don't cry.
Oh. what would I do without you?
We booked weeks ago.
-I don't think so.
-Steven. I almost forgot.
Something from the
office for you.
Oh. thanks.
Adam. did you forget to
make the reservation?
No. it's under your name.
It's actually under Park.
That's nice of them.
Uh...
Yeah. really nice. Yeah.
I don't know. uh...
I love your dad. you know. but
sometimes it sucks working for a guy
who probably changed your
diapers at some point.
If it makes you feel any better.
I don't think my dad ever
changed anyone's diaper.
My. uh. my mom told me
you're working at a clinic.
Yeah.
That's cool. that's cool.
Adam still has me. uh.
stuck on training wheels.
You know. I mean. if he never lets
me take 'em off. I'm never gonna...
I don't know. be able to get to
the place I actually want to be.
-Where's that?
-I want to make things.
You know. like. VC
isn't my "goal" goal.
I just have to eat shit until
they start taking me seriously.
And then I can take those connections
and actually make the thing. you know?
Well. I'm proud of you.
And trust me. you're...
doing a lot more than me.
Hmm. well. according to
my mom. you saved my life.
-So. thank you.
-My boss made a phone call.
But still. still. I mean...
It means a lot that you helped.
-Sorry for the drama.
-Of course I did.
I just can't with you today.
Well. uh. thanks.
The table's ready.
It's a great table. huh?
Yeah. it's really nice.
And then a little 50 spot for
the guy gets us the best table.
-Thank you.
-No. zero clue.
It's like the best
commercial ever.
-I'm not so sure.
-You're so funny. you know that?
-Yeah. think I remember that...
-Anyway. lunch is on me.
No arguments. Adam.
In that case. I'm gonna get
the surf and turf. Thank you.
Oh. uh. same. Thank you.
Um...
I'll have the tomato
bisque. please.
For your entrée?
Yeah. yeah. I'm not that hungry.
-I'd love the salmon.
-Of course.
Thank you.
Uh. can I do the
swordfish. please?
Can we get a seafood tower.
please? Can we get that right away?
I won't let Belly starve
while we wait for the mains.
Thanks. Mr. Fisher.
Oh. come on. We're
all adults here.
Belly. no more
Mr. Fisher. all right?
Call me Adam.
I'll try. Adam.
So. why don't you ever
leave California. Fisher?
Well. I'm here now. aren't I?
Well. yeah. I mean. for the first
time in. what. like two years?
Something like that.
You. uh.
got a girl out there?
No. No girl.
Okay.
Oh. Conrad's getting
wasted. Now it's a party.
Well. before everyone
gets sloppy...
Adam and I wanted to
make a little toast.
Yes. let me kick it off by
saying thank you. Laurel.
for that gorgeous event.
I know parties was more
Suz's forte than yours.
but that was a beautiful day
to celebrate a beautiful woman.
Thanks.
And thank you all for coming.
I'm glad we could honor
Susannah together. To Suz.
-To Beck.
-To Mom.
-To Susannah.
To Susannah.
And we wanted to say a little
something to each of you.
Steven. honey. you had
quite the scare recently.
Oh. my God. woman. I am fine.
I know. but it was a reminder
that. despite your many
impressive achievements...
and thank you for saving me that last
semester of tuition at Princeton...
you will always be my baby.
To Steven.
That was so sweet.
-Shut up. bro.
-Okay. okay.
Steven's not the only
impressive one. Laurel.
To Connie. the
soon-to-be doctor.
Smart and selfless.
hell of a combo.
And Belly. my sweet girl.
I remember the first
time I traveled abroad.
how big with possibilities
the world suddenly felt.
To your bright future.
To your future.
And let's not forget
Jeremiah. our super senior.
Fingers crossed. only one more
semester till the diploma.
And then I guess we'll see.
Thanks. Dad.
Hmm.
Jere actually has really big
plans for his future. too.
Belly. you don't.
you don't have to.
He and I. I should say. uh...
We're getting married.
In August.
What?
I'm sorry. what?
-What?
-Is this a joke?
-No.
-No?
Jesus Christ.
That's what I'm talking
about with responsibility.
-What did you drag her into?
-What?
Wh-What are you talking about? I'm
not dragging her into anything.
Wait. wait. wait. Are you
being serious right now?
Yes.
-You guys are not ready for this.
-No.
-This is very irresponsible.
-What do you mean...?
You are not mature enough
for this. you are not ready.
-Why? Why would you do this?
-What do you mean?
-Obviously. she's pregnant.
-Are you pregnant?
How many times did we
discuss contraception?
-I'm not pregnant!
-Laur. I swear that is not the case.
-Well. what about Paris?
-I'm still going!
-Isabel. I can't... This is...
-Wild.
Insane. Delusional.
Laur. w-we love each other.
We want to be together.
You are together. If you
want to take the next step.
move in together...
foster a cat.
Why rush to get married?
Because I-I love him and because
he's my family and-and...
I mean. that's what
Susannah always said. right?
Family is the most
important thing?
I hope you don't think you're
getting your mother's ring.
No. Dad. I didn't
expect that from you.
We don't need Susannah's
ring. Jere got me my own.
-With what money?
-With mine.
No. No.
I cannot believe this
is happening right now.
Holy shit.
-Can you shut up?
-No. this is crazy.
-Shut up.
-This is crazy.
-What is your problem?
-Steven.
Uh. did you know about this?
-No.
-The seafood tower.
Actually. there has
been a change in plans.
Cancel everything.
I'll take the check.
-Are you serious?
-Yes. I am very serious.
Fine. Let's go. Jere.
♪ A heart that's full
up like a landfill...
-Did you just...
-Yeah. I know. I know. I'm sorry.
I-I know you wanted
to tell Conrad first.
but I just couldn't stay
quiet another second.
-No. no. I'm-I'm glad they know.
-Me. too.
-So. holy shit.
-Holy shit.
-It's gonna be okay. right?
-Yeah. they're just.
they're freaked out.
That was the hard part.
Even if they're pissed off
now. they'll come around.
-They have to.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh. read the room.
All right? Less making
out. more groveling.
Belly. get in the
car. we're going home.
Home? We're all going back
to the house. aren't we?
No. we're not.
Well. I'm staying here for the
summer with Jeremiah. remember?
Well. the plan has changed.
You're coming with us.
What? You can't do that.
Oh. yes. I can.
Hey. Belly. you
should go with her.
-What?
-Yes. let things calm down.
and I'll work on my dad.
-Belly. come on.
-I'm coming.
-I love you.
-I love you more.
♪ And no surprises...
You ruined that.
What is your problem?
♪ And no surprises...
Bye.
♪ Silent ♪
♪ This is my final fit ♪
♪ My final ♪
♪ bellyache with ♪
♪ no alarms and no surprises ♪
♪ No alarms ♪
♪ and no surprises ♪
♪ and no surprises. please ♪
♪ Such a pretty house ♪
♪ and such a pretty garden ♪
♪ No alarms ♪
♪ and no surprises ♪
♪ No alarms and no surprises ♪
♪ No alarms ♪
♪ and no surprises ♪
♪ please ♪